Update "Getting started" part of the book (#4938)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/hardware.md

| Disk space | 200GB |
| Network    | Reliable broadband |

### Execution client

In addition to the beacon node, you will need to run an [execution client](./eth1.md).
Check the documentation of the client of choice and add them to the above requirements.

> Broadly, to run both an execution and a consensus client on the same machine, we recommend a **2 TB** SSD drive and **8 GB RAM**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Broadly, to run both an execution and a consensus client on the same machine, we recommend a **2 TB** SSD and **16 GB RAM**.
```
It might be possible with 8GB, and carefully configured Geth or some other EL (though probably not Erigon; Nethermind says they've reduced RAM requirements with 1.18 and 1.19, so maybe it's feasible now with them), but 16GB is a safer recommendation.

If someone asks whether it's, rather, possible, that's a more nuanced discussion, the answer to which is "maybe", but to set expectations, better to start with 16GB.

Reviewer: Also, for example, Joe Clapis has been testing exclusively with 16GB for a while so far as I know.

### Minimal requirements

> Nimbus has been optimized to also run well on hardware significantly less powerful than the recommended system requirements — the more validators you run on the same node, the more hardware resources and network bandwidth will it will use.

Reviewer: https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/pull/3312 has removed network bandwidth being a function of number of validators. It's not implemented, yet, by Nimbus, but we're not waiting for any particular additional event, so probably not worth mentioning something which presently will become (mostly: sending an additional attestation per epoch per validator is mostly in the noise) false.

Reviewer: Actually -- will retract this -- there's less additional bandwidth usage, but still some, because this affects only the stability subnets, which are substantial but not the only additional usage. So keep unchanged.
